djoyner3@gatech.edu

Xie, Tianshi  -  Zlatopolsky, Elena	Omar Aguirre	omaraguirre@gatech.edu

Report (50 points): -50
----------------------
Is the report neat and well organized? (-5 points if not)  -3  I could not follow organizational logic of your report
Is the experimental methodology well described (up to -5 points if not) -5 You did not explain your methodology.

 
Overfitting / leaf_size question:
Is one or more charts provided to support the argument? (up to -5 points if not) -5 Bag learner is not allowed for the first experiment
Does the student state where the region of overfitting occurs (or state that there is no overfitting)? (-5 points if not) -5  Region is not clearly marked, please watch the lectures for an illustration of  how to do this.
Are the starting point and direction of overfitting identified supported by the data (or if the student states that there is no overfitting, is that supported by the data)? (-5 points if not) -5 The starting point and direction are not properly iendtified, please watch the lectures for an illustration of how to do this.

Does bagging reduce or eliminate overfitting?:
Does the student state where the region of overfitting occurs (or state that there is no overfitting)? (-5 points if not) -5    Region is not clearly marked, please watch the lectures for an illustration of  how to do this.
Are the starting point and direction of overfitting identified supported by the data (or if the student states that there is no overfitting, is that supported by the data)? (-5 points if not) -5 he starting point and direction are not properly iendtified, please watch the lectures for an illustration of how to do this.

Comparison of DT and RT learning
Is each quantitative experiment explained well enough that someone else could reproduce it (up to -5 points if not) -5 The methodology is hardly explained at all
Are there at least two new quantitative properties that are compared (do not use correlation)? (-5 points if only one, -10 if none) -5 I could only identify time as a property.
Is each conclusion regarding each comparison supported well with charts? (up to -10 points if not) -5 Conclusions are very weak if any.

Does the student's response indicate a lack of understanding of overfitting? (up to -10 points) -10  Please watch the lectures for a simple and acceptable definition that can be perfectly illustrated with the 
data you are given for these experiments